= yaml =
title: 'Indestructible Art 24: Red Hulk, I choose you...'
subtitle: "This week: We welcome Player 4 Spencer Carney to the show, Marvel AR is released, Scott Pilgrim gets some color, Theres a shake up at ThatGameCompany, Omar wonders what Mincraft is all about, We discuss Avengers v X-Men, and mini-review Azura's Wrath."
summary: "Spencer Carney joins IA to round out the crew and bring his encyclopedic knowledge of all things Comics. Marvel AR is relased for iOS/Android and can be used with the first Avengers v X-men book. The Scott Pilgrim books are being re-issued in color. Evan loses a point on his nerd card by confusing a Rancor with a Sarlacc. ThatGameCompany, maker of one of our favorite new games Journey, sees a few employees leave for other projects. Evan and Spencer try and communicate what Minecraft is all about, but Omar is still confused. We discuss the up coming Marvel crossover Avengers vs. X-Men, and what you should know going into the series. Omar gives a mini-review on recent Capcom title Azura's Wrath."
file: /audio/24.mp3
date: 'Tue, 03 Apr 2012 00:00:00 GMT'
duration: '01:32:03'
length: 44403509
tags: Sony, PlayStation, Nintendo, 3DS, Xbox, 360, PS3, Video Games, Comics, games, Indestructible Art, Capcom, Valve, Marvel, DC, Sony, PSN, House of M, Avengers VS XMen, X-Men, Avengers, Avengers Disassembled, PSVita, Azura's Wrath, ThatGameCompany, Minecraft
author: Evan Campbell, Ryan Adams, Spencer Carney, Omar de Armas
layout: audio
= yaml =

<a href="{{ page.url }}" class='postTitleLink'><p class='postTitle'>{{ page.title }}</p></a>
<p class='postPublished'>{{ page.date }}</p>
<p class='postAuthor'>By: {{ page.author }}</p>
<hr>
<p class='podcastSummary'>{{ page.subtitle }}</p>

<p class='podcastSummary'>{{ page.summary }}</p>

<audio src={{ page.file }} preload="none"></audio>
<p class='subLinks'>Subscribe on <a href='http://bit.ly/iapodcast'>iTunes</a>, or <a href={{ page.file }}>Right Click and "Save As" to Download</a>.</p>
- - -
Indestructible Art
