= yaml =
title: 'Indestructible Art 27: Leaky Pipes'
subtitle: 'This week: God of War. Onlive. New 52 0. XBLA has a big week. Morrison-con. Super Monday Night Combat. DC Trinity Wars. A game specific Kickstarter. Ryan and Spencer talk new comics. Fez, Witcher 2, Trials:Evolution. Listener Questions get answered.'
summary: "Another big week in the world of Indestructible Art. Omar and Evan break down news on the God of War trailer that was recently leaked on Amazon.com, XBox Live's big sales week, what Onlive has to offer, and Super Monday Night Combat's early release on Steam. Ryan and Spencer bring news of prequel books from DC's New 52, a Grant Morrison Con, and a teaser of DC's Trinity Wars event. Evan doesn't see a need for a game specific Kickstarter knockoff. Ryan tells us what he thinks of some recent comic releases. The group discusses Saga #2, and Avengers v. X-Men #2. Omar apologizes for not fully understanding what Fez really was before speaking about it last week. By the way you all really do need to play Fez. Evan and Omar try to explain The Witcher 2 to Spencer. We answer some listener questions about the Flood in the Halo series, and what has become of Shadowcat."
file: /audio/27.mp3
date: 2012-04-24
duration: '01:38:11'
length: 58971278
tags: "Sony, PlayStation, Nintendo, Marvel, DC, 3DS, Xbox, 360, PS3, PSN, XBLA, Video Games, Comics, Games, Indestructible Art, Avengers VS XMen, God of War, Onlive, New 52, Grant Morrison, Trinity Wars, Kickstarter, Fez, Witcher 2, Trials: Evolution, Shadowcat"
author: Evan Campbell, Ryan Adams, Omar de Armas, Spencer Carney
layout: audio
= yaml =

<a href="{{ page.url }}" class='postTitleLink'><p class='postTitle'>{{ page.title }}</p></a>
<p class='postPublished'>{{ page.date }}</p>
<p class='postAuthor'>By: {{ page.author }}</p>
<hr>
<p class='podcastSummary'>{{ page.subtitle }}</p>

<p class='podcastSummary'>{{ page.summary }}</p>

<audio src={{ page.file }} preload="none"></audio>
<p class='subLinks'>Subscribe on <a href='http://bit.ly/iapodcast'>iTunes</a>, or <a href={{ page.file }}>Right Click and "Save As" to Download</a>.</p>
- - -
Indestructible Art
