= yaml =
title: 'Indestructible Art 40: Fix Your Wagon'
subtitle: "This week: Notch gets sued, OUYA gets a developer, Darksiders2, Fez patch drama, Cyber Force kickstarter, Rush hates Batman, Punisher fan flick, Marvel point one. Walking Dead 100, Max Payne 3, and Listener Questions."
summary: "This week the IA crew went and saw The Dark Knight Rises, you should go listen to the Spoilercast we recorded after you see the movie. Evan and Omar discuss news of Notch getting sued for 'Mindcraft' on Android. OUYA gets a fairly big developer to come out in favor of the system, Omar is still not impressed. Darksiders 2 check in app reignites the gangs anticipation of the game. Drama around Fez's broken patch brings to question who's to blame, Polytron or Microsoft. Even gets real excited for news about Unreal Engine 4. Ryan tries to get Spencer excited for the Cyberforce Kickstarter. Rush misunderstands the Character Bane and the world goes crazy. Ryan wants Tom Jane's 'Fan Flick' to Punisher to get him back into the role of Frank Castle. Ryan discusses Walking Dead 100. Omar complains about Max Payne 3. Listener and friend James Ortega ask a few question related to Batman and Ryan flexes is super knowledge on the subject. "
file: /audio/40.mp3
date: 2012-07-24
duration: '01:39:51'
length: 47992883
tags: Sony, PlayStation, Nintendo, Marvel, DC, 3DS, Xbox, 360, PS3, Wii, PSN, XBLA, Video Games, Comics, Games, Indestructible Art, Max Payne 3, Notch, Dead Space, OUYA, Fez, Bane, Punisher, Marvel Point One, Cyberforce, Walking Dead, Darksiders 2
author: Evan Campbell, Ryan Adams, Spencer Carney, Omar de Armas
layout: audio
= yaml =

<a href="{{ page.url }}" class='postTitleLink'><p class='postTitle'>{{ page.title }}</p></a>
<p class='postPublished'>{{ page.date }}</p>
<p class='postAuthor'>By: {{ page.author }}</p>
<hr>
<p class='podcastSummary'>{{ page.subtitle }}</p>

<p class='podcastSummary'>{{ page.summary }}</p>

<audio src={{ page.file }} preload="none"></audio>
<p class='subLinks'>Subscribe on <a href='http://bit.ly/iapodcast'>iTunes</a>, or <a href={{ page.file }}>Right Click and "Save As" to Download</a>.</p>
- - -
Indestructible Art
