= yaml =
title: 'Indestructible Art 42: Late Train Express'
subtitle: "This week: Batman, Zynga, Dishonored, Playstation Plus, Marvel Creative Teams, Marvel Now, Green Lantern, and Scott Pilgrim. "
summary: "Omar is crazy late to recording and the crew is forced to cut the episode short, but still manages to cram all kinds of useful information in. Evan recounts events from Combo Attack, an art exhibit celebrating the 25th anniversary of Street Fighter. News about Paul Dini not being involved in the nest Batman game from Rocksteady. Metal Gear Solid 4 is getting trophies and Omar doesn't see the need. Zynga is being sued for copyright infringement and everyone is happy. Dishonored's voice cast is revealed to be star studded. Sony reports losses and the Vita seems to be the culprit. Ryan and Spencer get excited for the new creative team up coming from Marvel. The new Green Lantern might be a gun wielding Baz. Ryan is super excited for Scott Pilgrim to come out in color and recommends Evan and Omar read it."
file: /audio/42.mp3
date: 2012-08-07
duration: '01:27:51'
length: 42229017
tags: Sony, PlayStation, Nintendo, Marvel, DC, 3DS, Xbox, 360, PS3, Wii, PSN, XBLA, Video Games, Comics, Games, Indestructible Art, Capcom, Combo Attack, Batman, Scott Pilgrim, Green Lantern, Vita, iam8bit, SF25, MGS4
author: Evan Campbell, Ryan Adams, Spencer Carney, Omar de Armas
layout: audio
= yaml =

<a href="{{ page.url }}" class='postTitleLink'><p class='postTitle'>{{ page.title }}</p></a>
<p class='postPublished'>{{ page.date }}</p>
<p class='postAuthor'>By: {{ page.author }}</p>
<hr>
<p class='podcastSummary'>{{ page.subtitle }}</p>

<p class='podcastSummary'>{{ page.summary }}</p>

<audio src={{ page.file }} preload="none"></audio>
<p class='subLinks'>Subscribe on <a href='http://bit.ly/iapodcast'>iTunes</a>, or <a href={{ page.file }}>Right Click and "Save As" to Download</a>.</p>
- - -
Indestructible Art
