= yaml =
title: 'Indestructible Art 50: Back to the Birth Place'
subtitle: "The crew returns home to its birth place to ground itself in the lead up to the one year anniversary. We talk Morrison-con, Wally West, Justice League, Mass Effect, WiiU, and rebates. We also have three Picks of the Week for your purchasing pleasure."
summary: "This week the crew goes back to where is all started almost a full year ago. Excitement builds for the Indiecade Festival this weekend, and we lay out some plans to attend. Evan is stoked to get the first taste of Banner Saga that he Kickstarter-ed a few months ago. A bug in Borderlands 2's Badass Rank system has Omar worried for his poor Commando. Microsoft revealed a new rewards program which rewards players based on their Gamerscore. EA's Mass Effect trilogy release has Evan and Omar questioning the WiiU's exclusion. News from Morrison-con on Multiversity makes Ryan happy. The announced end of Blade of the Immortal gets Spencer excited again to finish the series, and Ryan is baffled by the rumor that Frank Miller might be tapped to direct a Justice League movie. We wrap up with Pick's of the week and some details on our one year anniversary celebration give away."
file: /audio/50.mp3
date: 2012-10-02
duration: '01:59:15'
length: 57303758
tags: Sony, PlayStation, Nintendo, Marvel, DC, 3DS, Xbox, 360, PS3, Wii, PSN, XBLA, Video Games, Comics, Games, Indestructible Art, Ninja Turtles, Castle Crashers, Morrison-con, WiiU, Silent Hill, Indiecade, Banner Saga, Borderlands 2
author: Evan Campbell, Ryan Adams, Spencer Carney, Omar de Armas
layout: audio
= yaml =

<a href="{{ page.url }}" class='postTitleLink'><p class='postTitle'>{{ page.title }}</p></a>
<p class='postPublished'>{{ page.date }}</p>
<p class='postAuthor'>By: {{ page.author }}</p>
<hr>
<p class='podcastSummary'>{{ page.subtitle }}</p>

<p class='podcastSummary'>{{ page.summary }}</p>

<audio src={{ page.file }} preload="none"></audio>
<p class='subLinks'>Subscribe on <a href='http://bit.ly/iapodcast'>iTunes</a>, or <a href={{ page.file }}>Right Click and "Save As" to Download</a>.</p>
- - -
Indestructible Art