= yaml =
title: 'Indestructible Art 56: Dinosaur Butts'
subtitle: "This week Evan talks about Dinosaur butts. I think there was some other stuff too but, I mean, c'mon dinosaur butts. We all know why your really here."
summary: "New Kickstarter campaign Sportsfriends has Omar excited to play some awesome games the crew saw this year at Indiecade. Silicon Knights is being forced to destroy unsold games. Evan is impressed with the candor Gabe Newell shows when talking to members of 4chan. Reports of  PS4 dev units shipping out sparks discussion on the future console wars. Ryan tells us about the new Constantine book. Spencer is cautiously interested in Jeff Lemire's new Green Arrow run. New details emerge about Bendis' Uncanny Xmen. Ryan and Omar have a difference of opinion about Halo 4. Evan sinks further into Brubaker fandom, and everyone steals Omar's Picks of the Week."
file: /audio/56.mp3
date: 2012-11-13
duration: '02:16:21'
length: 65512261
tags: Sony, PlayStation, Nintendo, Marvel, DC, 3DS, Xbox, 360, PS3, Wii, PSN, XBLA, Video Games, Comics, Games, Indestructible Art, Silicon Knights, Valve, 4Chan, WiiU, Sportfriends, Kickstarter, Constantine, Jeff Lemire, Green Arrow, Xmen, Brubaker, Fatale
author: Evan Campbell, Ryan Adams, Spencer Carney, Omar de Armas
layout: audio
= yaml =

<a href="{{ page.url }}" class='postTitleLink'><p class='postTitle'>{{ page.title }}</p></a>
<p class='postPublished'>{{ page.date.toDateString }}</p>
<p class='postAuthor'>By: {{ page.author }}</p>
<hr>
<p class='podcastSummary'>{{ page.subtitle }}</p>

<p class='podcastSummary'>{{ page.summary }}</p>

<audio src={{ page.file }} preload="none"></audio>
<p class='subLinks'>Subscribe on <a href='http://bit.ly/iapodcast'>iTunes</a>, or <a href={{ page.file }}>Right Click and "Save As" to Download</a>.</p>
- - -
Indestructible Art